# Minutes for 10/08/21

**DONM** (Date of next meeting): 2pm, 17/08/21 (GMT+1) 

## Dates

Note of [important dates](https://summerofhpc.prace-ri.eu/timeline-2021/):

* **24/08/21** - Presentations 11am CEST.
* **31/08/21** - Final report submitted.

# Present

 * Mario Antonioletti [MA]
 * Aybuke Ozcelik [AO]
 * Irem Okur [IO]
 * Claudia Cabrera [CC]

## Actions

### New and ongoing

- [ ] **Aybüke** Profile code with bigger data sets.
  Problem with the 8M 
- [ ] **Pau** notify Mario when the 30M data set is ready.
  - [ ] **Claudia**  needs more information about SNP's.
- [ ] **Pau** produce a second 8M file with two traits. If not, Claudia suggested using a randomised copy of trait 1 for trait 2.
- [ ] **Aybüke** try a pvalues threshold  be another optimisation strategy.
- [ ] **Aybüke** construct presentation outline and determine presentation strategy.
- [ ]  **İrem** construct presentation outline and determine presentation strategy.
- [ ] **İrem** detect and correct the faulty block in the code.
- [ ] **Aybüke** detect and correct the faulty block in the code.

### Completed

- [x] **Mario** generate a 2M and a 5M dataset from the 8M and distribute. 	
  - [x] 50K, 100K, 500K, 750K, 1M, 2M, 3M, 4M, 5M data sets
- [x] **Irem** convert v2 to use vroom instead of read.table.
- [x] **Claudia** would introducing a pvalues threshold be another optimisation strategy?
- [x] **Mario** Add LICENCE to repo.
- [x] **Irem** convert v2 to use`fread` instead of `vroom`.
- [x] **Irem** in genome_order_v2.R  convert `rbind()` function to `rbindlist()` function.
- [x] **Aybüke** post the blog post (deadline - 2021-07-25).
- [x] **İrem** post the blog post (deadline - 2021-07-25).


## Notes

Decided to roll back from the use of `vroom` as it is causing problems with locale and reading files on Windows systems.

Irem will look at alternatives to using `rbind` based on an [article](https://rstudio-pubs-static.s3.amazonaws.com/406521_7fc7b6c1dc374e9b8860e15a699d8bb0.html) she found which suggested faster alternatives.

Aybuke will rewrite some of the code in consultation with Claudia and examine the possibility of using p-value thresholds.
