# Minutes for 09/11/21 

**DONM** (Date of next meeting): 2pm, TBD - no longer SoHPC

# Present

 * Mario Antonioletti [MA]
 * Irem Okur [IO]
 * Pau Navarro [PN]
 * Claudia Cabrera [CC]
 * Silivia Shen [SC]

## Actions

### New and ongoing

- [ ] **Claudia** annotate the 30M data set.
- [ ] **Mario** Do a systematic profiling with the data we have. 
  Started but had issues running the 30k set, had to make a change to the v2 code as it was failing. Also the profiling package `perfvis` is causing the R session to abort consistently. The genomicper sample code runs ok. Not sure what is going on.
- [ ] **Mario** get Irem to confirm some of the profiling values.
- [ ] **All (Claudia to lead)** choose a framework for packages to use. Prioritise by memory and speed.

- [ ] **Irem** put the parallelism in markdown.
- [ ] **Mario** find a time in December for our next meeting.
- [ ] **Pau** see if access for Irem can be obtained on eddie.
- [ ] **Sylvia** pass on eddie notes to Irem.

### Completed

- [x] **Pau, Claudia** notify Claudia when the 30M data set is ready.
- [x] **Pau** invite Silvia to one of these meetings.
- [x] **Irem** look at how the code base could be parallelised.
- [x] **Claudia**, **Pau** Go through Irem and Aybuke's lessons learned report and prioritise what we should look at next.

## Notes

Group was presented to Silvia. We did some brief introductions. We run through the actions and tried to determine strategy. We shall try another catch-up on the second week of December.
