# Minutes for 31/08/21 

**DONM** (Date of next meeting): 2pm, 28/09/21 (GMT+1) - no longer SoHPC

## Dates



# Present

 * Mario Antonioletti [MA]
 * Aybuke Ozcelik [AO]
 * Irem Okur [IO]
 * Pau Navarro [PN]
 * Claudia Cabrera [CC]

## Actions

### New and ongoing



- [ ] **Pau, Claudia** notify Pau when the 30M data set is ready.

- [ ] **Mario** book a meeting for September.


### Completed

- [x] **Irem**, **Ayb端ke** produce a video for PRACE SoHPC.
- [x] **Irem**, **Ayb端ke** produce a project final report for PRACE SoHPC.
- [x] **Irem**, **Ayb端ke** consider the presentation changes that Mario, Claudia, and Pau said.
- [x] **Ayb端ke** try a pvalues threshold  be another optimisation strategy.
  Put results in slack and code in GitHub.
## Notes

* Work will continue in a voluntary basis with a meeting once a month.

* Pau has a new PhD student that may join the effort.

* Pau, Claudia and Mario thanked Aybuke and Irem for their errorts during this project.

  
