# Minutes for 17/08/21

**DONM** (Date of next meeting): 2pm, 24/08/21 (GMT+1) - final meeting

## Dates

Note of [important dates](https://summerofhpc.prace-ri.eu/timeline-2021/):

* **24/08/21** - Presentations 11am CEST.
* **31/08/21** - Final report submitted.

# Present

 * Mario Antonioletti [MA]
 * Aybuke Ozcelik [AO]
 * Irem Okur [IO]
 * Claudia Cabrera [CC]

## Actions

### New and ongoing


- [ ] **Irem**, **Aybüke** produce a video for PRACE SoHPC.
- [ ] **Irem**, **Aybüke** produce a project final report for PRACE SoHPC.
- [ ] **Irem**, **Aybüke** produce an internal report summarising of what was tried, what worked
- [ ] **Pau** notify Mario when the 30M data set is ready.
  - [ ] **Claudia**  needs more information about SNP's.
- [ ] **Pau** produce a second 8M file with two traits. If not, Claudia suggested using a randomised copy of trait 1 for trait 2.
- [ ] **Aybüke** try a pvalues threshold  be another optimisation strategy.
  Put results in slack and code in GitHub.


### Completed

- [x] **Aybüke** Profile code with bigger data sets.
  Deprecated
- [x] **Aybüke** construct presentation outline and determine presentation strategy.
- [x]  **İrem** construct presentation outline and determine presentation strategy.
- [x] **İrem** detect and correct the faulty block in the code.
- [x] **Aybüke** detect and correct the faulty block in the code.  



## Notes

Discussed the production of:

* PRACE SoHPC video - to be done by Sunday, about 5 minutes use [Active presenter](https://atomisystems.com/download/).
* Production of a final report (to be done on overleaf).
* A summary for the project of what has been tried, what worked and what did not work - can just be a bullet list.
