# Minutes for 12/04/22 

**DONM** (Date of next meeting): 2pm, 24th of May - no longer SoHPC

# Present

 * Mario Antonioletti [MA]
 * Pau Navarro [PN]
 * Claudia Cabrera [CC]
 * Irem Okur [IO]

# Actions

# New and ongoing

- [ ] **All (Claudia to lead)** choose a framework for packages to use from the output of benchmarks. Prioritise by memory and speed.
    * Data.table is preferred.

- [ ] **Mario** enumerate pros/cons of using data.table/tibbles
  * Interesting comparison: https://jozef.io/r917-fread-comparisons/
  * [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21435339/data-table-vs-dplyr-can-one-do-something-well-the-other-cant-or-does-poorly) states data.tables are faster especially for larger data sets.

- [ ] **Silvia** have a constructively critical look at genomicper.
  Problems installing across all platfroms, `reactome.db` seems to the issue (where the pathways come from). Need to use [bioconductor](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/annotation/html/reactome.db.html) to install.

- [x] **Claudia** clarify what packages come from CRAN and which come from bioconductor.
   * `reactome.db` and `annotation.dbi` come from bioconductor everything else from CRAN.

- [ ] **Claudia** try running the 30M data set (16Gb memory).

- [ ] **Mario** run more the 30M data set (32Gb memory).  

- [ ] **Pau**/**Silvia** find the best way of reading the 30M data set.

   * Used `fread` as a data.frame to use `RSQLite` - able to read
   * Can the merging of the annotations be done faster with `RSQLite`?

- [ ] **Claudia** Come up with a simple circos plot.

- [x] **Pau** compare what we choose the best merging function solution in R against an SQL solution within  R.

   * Part of the action above hence deprecated.

### Completed


## Notes

Not many people had time to progress. Discussed prospects.
